Is Joon-joon okay?
It's not very good.
He used to have math problems.
Now I'm scared.
Hoai An, did you say the army could not bear it?
Don't worry, the army's fine.
Just rest on time.
The army blamed her for being useless.
Can't protect you.
Now the princess is famous everywhere.
We were kicked out again.
What about your illness?
You have been kicked out by Ku Thanh.
I told you you were lonely.
I'll go find him.
Thank you for your help during this time.
Without you
Things can't be resolved that quickly.
Child, we grew up together.
When did you see me like that?
Someone at the film crew gate sent you a note.
I'll meet you tomorrow at Xuan Lai Tea House.
He can't take it anymore.
The past
Did you send someone to threaten the army?
He's weak.
Aren t you afraid of him dying?
Why should I be afraid of Gu Khanh?
I'm just reminding you that if the Army dies,
The whole betrayal will be involved.
I'm doing this for your benefit.
Good for me.
For me, do you think it's the Lord?
Security is gone.
My heart died a long time ago.
I just want them to survive in Kyoto.
Why are you so aggressive?
I barely know you.
What a coincidence, Deputy Hoai An.
I think...
Never recognized you
Now get out of our house.
That's right.
Tomorrow comes the spring tea farmers
I have a surprise.
For you.